README.md, before:

# gradle-dependency-reporter

This repository contains a custom Gradle plugin for Gradle dependencies reports.

When applied to the root project of your multi-module Gradle project, the plugin registers a task
to generate an interactive HTML dependencies report. This report visualizes how modules depend on
a selected module, both directly and transitively. This is particularly useful for understanding
the impact of changes in a module on the entire project.

In the future, the plugin may be extended to register additional tasks for a better understanding of
the dependency graphs of your multi-module Gradle project.

## Usage

1. Apply the plugin in your root project's build file (`build.gradle.kts`):

   ```kotlin
   plugins {
       id("com.tgad.dependencies.reporter") version "1.0.0"
   }
   ```
   
2. Run the following Gradle task to generate the report (replace the module name as needed):

   ```bash
   ./gradlew dependentsHtmlReport -Pmodule=:feature:A
   ```

## Example Report
<img width="756" height="504" alt="example_report" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/eb917821-d123-4a32-89ab-7f235be40705" />

Commit message:

Mention circular dependencies in README

README.md, after:

# gradle-dependency-reporter

This repository contains a custom Gradle plugin for Gradle dependencies reports.

When applied to the root project of your multi-module Gradle project, the plugin registers a task
to generate an interactive HTML dependencies report. This report visualizes how modules depend on
a selected module, both directly and transitively. This is particularly useful for understanding
the impact of changes in a module on the entire project. The report and the task execution logs
will also provide information about any circular dependencies detected in the project.

In the future, the plugin may be extended to register additional tasks for a better understanding of
the dependency graphs of your multi-module Gradle project.

## Usage

1. Apply the plugin in your root project's build file (`build.gradle.kts`):

   ```kotlin
   plugins {
       id("com.tgad.dependencies.reporter") version "1.0.0"
   }
   ```
   
2. Run the following Gradle task to generate the report (replace the module name as needed):

   ```bash
   ./gradlew dependentsHtmlReport -Pmodule=:feature:A
   ```

## Example Report
<img width="756" height="504" alt="example_report" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/eb917821-d123-4a32-89ab-7f235be40705" />
